capital = 1139
#oob = ""
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
}

# SLAVE RECRUITMENT 
recruit_character = neutralcn_xu_shichang
recruit_character = neutralcn_tang_jiyu
recruit_character = neutralcn_zang_shiyi
recruit_character = neutralcn_wang_huaiqing
recruit_character = neutralcn_xiang_qian
recruit_character = neutralcn_chen_guangyuan
recruit_character = neutralcn_zhang_guangjian
recruit_character = neutralcn_zhang_zhizhong
recruit_character = neutralcn_sun_liangcheng
recruit_character = neutralcn_sun_lianzhong
recruit_character = neutralcn_wu_shimin
recruit_character = neutralcn_liu_ruming
recruit_character = neutralcn_cheng_xixian
recruit_character = neutralcn_ge_jinzhang
recruit_character = neutralcn_zhao_xipin
recruit_character = neutralcn_han_duofeng
recruit_character = neutralcn_zhang_fang
recruit_character = neutralcn_cai_chengxun
recruit_character = neutralcn_ma_lin
recruit_character = neutralcn_ma_zhongying
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1936.1.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 100
}
