#submarine_1
#destroyer_1
#battleship_1

units= {

	##### NAVAL UNITS #####
	fleet = {
		name = "Usada Fleet"		
		naval_base = 6973
		task_force = {				
			name = "Italian Force"			
			location = 6973 
ship = { name = "Italy 1 "
definition = destroyer
equipment = { destroyer_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }
 
ship = { name = "Italy 2 "
definition = destroyer
equipment = { destroyer_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }
 
ship = { name = "Italy 3 "
definition = destroyer
equipment = { destroyer_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }
 
ship = { name = "Italy 4 "
definition = destroyer
equipment = { destroyer_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }
 
ship = { name = "Italy 5 "
definition = destroyer
equipment = { destroyer_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }
 
ship = { name = "Italy 6 "
definition = destroyer
equipment = { destroyer_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }
 
ship = { name = "Italy 7 "
definition = destroyer
equipment = { destroyer_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }
 
ship = { name = "Italy 8 "
definition = destroyer
equipment = { destroyer_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }
 
ship = { name = "Italy 9 "
definition = destroyer
equipment = { destroyer_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }
 
ship = { name = "Italy 10 "
definition = destroyer
equipment = { destroyer_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }
 
ship = { name = "Italy 11 "
definition = destroyer
equipment = { destroyer_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }
 
ship = { name = "Italy 12 "
definition = destroyer
equipment = { destroyer_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }
 
ship = { name = "Italy 13 "
definition = destroyer
equipment = { destroyer_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }
 
ship = { name = "Italy 14 "
definition = destroyer
equipment = { destroyer_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }
 
ship = { name = "Italy 15 "
definition = destroyer
equipment = { destroyer_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }

ship = { name = "Rome 1 "
definition = battleship
equipment = { battleship_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }
 
ship = { name = "Rome 2 "
definition = battleship
equipment = { battleship_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }
 
ship = { name = "Rome 3 "
definition = battleship
equipment = { battleship_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }
 
ship = { name = "Rome 4 "
definition = battleship
equipment = { battleship_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }

		}						
	}

	fleet = {
		name = "Sicily Fleet"		
		naval_base = 4159
		task_force = {				
			name = "Sardinia Force"			
			location = 4159 
ship = { name = "Sardinia 1 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }
 
ship = { name = "Sardinia 2 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }
 
ship = { name = "Sardinia 3 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }
 
ship = { name = "Sardinia 4 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }
 
ship = { name = "Sardinia 5 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }
 
ship = { name = "Sardinia 6 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }
 
ship = { name = "Sardinia 7 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }
 
ship = { name = "Sardinia 8 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }
 
ship = { name = "Sardinia 9 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }
 
ship = { name = "Sardinia 10 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }
 
ship = { name = "Sardinia 11 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }
 
ship = { name = "Sardinia 12 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }
 
ship = { name = "Sardinia 13 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }
 
ship = { name = "Sardinia 14 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }
 
ship = { name = "Sardinia 15 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }
 
ship = { name = "Sardinia 16 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }
 
ship = { name = "Sardinia 17 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }
 
ship = { name = "Sardinia 18 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = PEK } } }
            }
        }
} 


#########################
## STARTING PRODUCTION ##
#########################

