#ship_hull_ship_hull_submarine_1
#ship_hull_light_1
#ship_hull_heavy_1

units= {

	##### NAVAL UNITS #####
	fleet = {
		name = "Tokino Fleet"		
		naval_base = 4109
		task_force = {				
			name = "Sora Force"			
			location = 4109

ship = { name = "Athens 1 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { ship_hull_submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = GER version_name = "Type II Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Athens 2 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { ship_hull_submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = GER version_name = "Type II Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Athens 3 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { ship_hull_submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = GER version_name = "Type II Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Athens 4 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { ship_hull_submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = GER version_name = "Type II Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Athens 5 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { ship_hull_submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = GER version_name = "Type II Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Athens 6 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { ship_hull_submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = GER version_name = "Type II Class" } } } 

ship = { name = "Greece 1 "
definition = destroyer
equipment = { ship_hull_light_1 = { amount = 1 owner = ENG version_name = "V/W Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Greece 2 "
definition = destroyer
equipment = { ship_hull_light_1 = { amount = 1 owner = ENG version_name = "V/W Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Greece 3 "
definition = destroyer
equipment = { ship_hull_light_1 = { amount = 1 owner = ENG version_name = "V/W Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Greece 4 "
definition = destroyer
equipment = { ship_hull_light_1 = { amount = 1 owner = ENG version_name = "V/W Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Greece 5 "
definition = destroyer
equipment = { ship_hull_light_1 = { amount = 1 owner = ENG version_name = "V/W Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Greece 6 "
definition = destroyer
equipment = { ship_hull_light_1 = { amount = 1 owner = ENG version_name = "V/W Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Greece 7 "
definition = destroyer
equipment = { ship_hull_light_1 = { amount = 1 owner = ENG version_name = "V/W Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Greece 8 "
definition = destroyer
equipment = { ship_hull_light_1 = { amount = 1 owner = ENG version_name = "V/W Class" } } }

ship = { name = "Tokino Sora"
definition = battleship
equipment = { ship_hull_heavy_1 = { amount = 1 owner = ENG version_name = "Queen Elizabeth Class" } } }

ship = { name = "Byzamtium"
definition = battleship
equipment = { ship_hull_heavy_1 = { amount = 1 owner = ENG version_name = "Queen Elizabeth Class" } } }
			
		}
		task_force = {				
			name = "Sora Force"			
			location = 4109
ship = { name = "Turk 1 "
definition = destroyer
equipment = { ship_hull_light_1 = { amount = 1 owner = ENG version_name = "V/W Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Turk 2 "
definition = destroyer
equipment = { ship_hull_light_1 = { amount = 1 owner = ENG version_name = "V/W Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Turk 3 "
definition = destroyer
equipment = { ship_hull_light_1 = { amount = 1 owner = ENG version_name = "V/W Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Turk 4 "
definition = destroyer
equipment = { ship_hull_light_1 = { amount = 1 owner = ENG version_name = "V/W Class" } } }

ship = { name = "Albanian 1 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { ship_hull_submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = GER version_name = "Type II Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Albanian 2 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { ship_hull_submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = GER version_name = "Type II Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Albanian 3 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { ship_hull_submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = GER version_name = "Type II Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Albanian 4 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { ship_hull_submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = GER version_name = "Type II Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Albanian 5 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { ship_hull_submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = GER version_name = "Type II Class" } } }
 
		}						
	}
} 




#########################
## STARTING PRODUCTION ##
#########################

