#ship_hull_submarine_1
#ship_hull_light_1
#ship_hull_heavy_1

units= {

	##### NAVAL UNITS #####
	fleet = {
		name = "Tsunomaki Fleet"		
		naval_base = 12997
		task_force = {				
			name = "Watame Force"			
			location = 12997 
ship = { name = "Bolivian 1 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { ship_hull_submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = GER version_name = "Type II Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Bolivian 2 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { ship_hull_submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = GER version_name = "Type II Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Bolivian 3 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { ship_hull_submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = GER version_name = "Type II Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Bolivian 4 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { ship_hull_submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = GER version_name = "Type II Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Bolivian 5 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { ship_hull_submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = GER version_name = "Type II Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Bolivian 6 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { ship_hull_submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = GER version_name = "Type II Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Bolivian 7 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { ship_hull_submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = GER version_name = "Type II Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Bolivian 8 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { ship_hull_submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = GER version_name = "Type II Class" } } } 

ship = { name = "Atlantic"
definition = battleship
equipment = { ship_hull_heavy_1 = { amount = 1 owner = ENG version_name = "Queen Elizabeth Class" } } }
        
ship = { name = "Bolivia"
definition = battleship
equipment = { ship_hull_heavy_1 = { amount = 1 owner = ENG version_name = "Queen Elizabeth Class" } } }
			
		}						
	}

	fleet = {
		name = "Inca Fleet"		
		naval_base = 8222
		task_force = {				
			name = "Lima Force"			
			location = 8222 
ship = { name = "Peru 1 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { ship_hull_submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = GER version_name = "Type II Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Peru 2 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { ship_hull_submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = GER version_name = "Type II Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Peru 3 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { ship_hull_submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = GER version_name = "Type II Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Peru 4 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { ship_hull_submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = GER version_name = "Type II Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Peru 5 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { ship_hull_submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = GER version_name = "Type II Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Peru 6 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { ship_hull_submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = GER version_name = "Type II Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Peru 7 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { ship_hull_submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = GER version_name = "Type II Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Peru 8 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { ship_hull_submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = GER version_name = "Type II Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Peru 9 "
definition = submarine
equipment = { ship_hull_submarine_1 = { amount = 1 owner = GER version_name = "Type II Class" } } }

ship = { name = "Lima 1 "
definition = destroyer
equipment = { ship_hull_light_1 = { amount = 1 owner = ENG version_name = "V/W Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Lima 2 "
definition = destroyer
equipment = { ship_hull_light_1 = { amount = 1 owner = ENG version_name = "V/W Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Lima 3 "
definition = destroyer
equipment = { ship_hull_light_1 = { amount = 1 owner = ENG version_name = "V/W Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Lima 4 "
definition = destroyer
equipment = { ship_hull_light_1 = { amount = 1 owner = ENG version_name = "V/W Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Lima 5 "
definition = destroyer
equipment = { ship_hull_light_1 = { amount = 1 owner = ENG version_name = "V/W Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Lima 6 "
definition = destroyer
equipment = { ship_hull_light_1 = { amount = 1 owner = ENG version_name = "V/W Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Lima 7 "
definition = destroyer
equipment = { ship_hull_light_1 = { amount = 1 owner = ENG version_name = "V/W Class" } } }
 
ship = { name = "Lima 8 "
definition = destroyer
equipment = { ship_hull_light_1 = { amount = 1 owner = ENG version_name = "V/W Class" } } }

ship = { name = "Watame"
definition = battleship
equipment = { ship_hull_heavy_1 = { amount = 1 owner = ENG version_name = "Queen Elizabeth Class" } } }
        
ship = { name = "Machu Pikchu"
definition = battleship
equipment = { ship_hull_heavy_1 = { amount = 1 owner = ENG version_name = "Queen Elizabeth Class" } } }

ship = { name = "Lime"
definition = battleship
equipment = { ship_hull_heavy_1 = { amount = 1 owner = ENG version_name = "Queen Elizabeth Class" } } }
        


		}
	}
} 



#########################
## STARTING PRODUCTION ##
#########################

